{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13020\viewh8840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Describe how the assembly changes with different k-mer values using the assembly statistics you have collected. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 By looking at the statistics between Kmers, 31, 41 and 49. It seems like as the Kmer increases the number of contigs, maximum contigs, the mean contig and N50 increases. The only stat that decreased was the length of genome assembly. \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This can be a result from small kmers increasing connectivity.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 How does the contig length distribution change?\
Larger Kmers expand more in the contig distribution and smaller K-mers keep the contig distribution close to each other\
How does an increased coverage cutoff affect the assembly? \
By looking at statistics, increasing coverage reduces contigs, max contig and length of genome assembler. But the mean contig and N50 are higher with the use of high coverage. This can explain the auto coverage that can choose the assembler without a bias. \
What is happening to the de Bruijin graph when you change the value of this parameter? \
Its changing the path as the coverage changes. If the coverage is small, it will contain nodes of the graph that are a result misconnections. If the coverage is too high, it can create wrong assemblies.\uc0\u8232 \
How does velvet calculate its value for \'91auto\'92? \
According to the manual it sets the median contig coverage and cov_cutoff to half the value,\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 How does increasing minimum contig length affect your contig length distribution and N50? \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Increasing the minimum\cf2  contig length increases the N50 compared to the 20X, 60X and auto coverage\cf2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \
}